{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red10\green0\blue240;\red0\green143\blue237;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14340\viewh13280\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\sl312\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 Bullseye Store Locator Widget Integration
\b0\fs24 \
	(This guide is intended for those familiar with web design/development)\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280

\f1\b\fs28 \cf0 Step 1:\'a0Download Widget Code\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\b0\fs24 \cf0 We've posted the code at GitHub where you can download the latest version. \'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/BullseyeLocations/nearest-location-widget-2"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 Download store locator widget code now.\'a0}} Save it to your local machine so you can modify the code to point to your Bullseye account and to customize styles.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280

\b\fs28 \cf0 Step 2: Edit "bullseyewidget.js"\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\b0\fs24 \cf0 You'll need your Search API Key and Client ID. These can be found by logging into your Bullseye Locations {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://app.bullseyelocations.com/Admin"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 account}}, click Settings on the top right, then click Account.
\f0 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1 \cf0 Open bullseyewidget.js in your HTML editor and modify lines 13 and 14 to include\'a0\'a0your Search API Key and Client ID.]\
\
You can also update the values below to further customize your widget.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls1\ilvl0
\b \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}searchRadius
\b0 -updates the default radius used to find the nearest location. \'a0Make this a small number\'a0if you have many locations an a large number if you have only a few.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\b {\listtext	\'95	}displayPhone/displayLocName
\b0  -Control which data elements display\
\ls1\ilvl0
\b {\listtext	\'95	}linkToLocalLocator
\b0 -If you've got a more advanced store locator somewhere link to this so users can search by category or with other filters.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\b {\listtext	\'95	}MapIconSrc
\b0 -Use this to reference custom map-icon and a custom ajax loader be sure that the names of the files are: "map-icon.png" and "ajax-loader.gif"\
\ls1\ilvl0
\b {\listtext	\'95	}locationTerm
\b0 -Are your customers looking for stores, locations, dealers? \'a0Update this value to the appropriate term.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\b {\listtext	\'95	}locatorHeadingText
\b0 -The copy that appears in the header.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\b {\listtext	\'95	}defaultLocationImg
\b0 -This image is displayed in the event that a location does not have a location thumbnail assigned to it.\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280

\b\fs28 \cf0 Step 3: Upload\'a0widget elements\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\b0\fs24 \cf0 Upload bullseyewidget.js and\'a0\'a0bullseyewidget_style.css to a directory on your website and make a note of the path.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280

\b\fs28 \cf0 Step 4:\'a0Add the Widget to Your Pages\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\b0\fs24 \cf0 Update the URL references in the code below to point to the location of the bullseyewidget.js file and the bullseyewidget_style.css file. Then\'a0add\'a0the following code to the page or pages where you want the widget to appear. \'a0You will only need to include the jQuery code if you don't already have a reference to it on your page.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\b \cf0 Make sure to include the jQuery and CSS code below in the\'a0<head>:
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240
\cf3 <script src="https://ajax.googleapis.com/ajax/libs/jquery/1.11.3/jquery.min.js"></script>\uc0\u8232 <link href="path/to/bullseyewidget_style.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css">\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\b \cf0 Above the closing </body> tag, include the code below for the Bullseye container div, "bullseyewidget.js", and jQueryUI cdn script:
\b0 \uc0\u8232 \cf3 \uc0\u8232 <div id="bullseye-widget2"></div>\u8232 <script src="https://ajax.googleapis.com/ajax/libs/jqueryui/1.11.3/jquery-ui.min.js"></script>\u8232 <script src="path/to/bullseyewidget.js"></script>\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\i \cf0 HINT: If you're using a CMS, be aware that the head code will most likely come from a template file and that file will differ from one CMS to another. If you want the widget to appear throughout the site, you'll want to add the widget code to a page template file.
\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280

\b\fs28 \cf0 Step 5: Styling (optional)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\b0\fs24 \cf0 Color and styling edits can be made to "bullseyewidget_style.css" to match your brand. \'a0Of course, you'll need to download, edit and re-upload.\
}